DOCSP-45807: v3.1 release (#347)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/whats-new.txt

  namespace. The driver can now serialize ``ImmutableArray`` objects, and serialization
  for other immutable collections is more memory efficient.

> - Adds support for the token field time and array field expressions with Atlas Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for the token field type and array field expressions with Atlas Search
```

Author: 🤦 good catch

  builders for the ``equals`` operator. To learn more about using Atlas Search with the
  {+driver-short+}, see :ref:`csharp-atlas-search`.

- Adds support for sequential pagination in Atlas Search.

- Adds support for valid SRV hostnames with fewer than 3 parts.

> - Adds support for the ``Exists``, ``IsMissing``, and ``IsNullOrMissing`` methods
>   in MQL queries.

Reviewer: We don't externally refer to "MQL" anymore:
```suggestion
- Adds support for the ``Exists``, ``IsMissing``, and ``IsNullOrMissing`` methods
  in MongoDB Query API filters.
```
